NECESSARY THINGS
Maia:
Disable these functions alone:
  --Destroy chore (OR do something else??)
  --Destroy auction (OR do something else??)
  --Make an auction without a chore
  --Make a chore without auction? OR, Make "all chores" page accessible
Make these only doable by the owner:
  --Edit bounty
  --Destroy bounty
Make 'create bounties' page
Make 'Back' buttons not go to stupid places
Remove stupid pages (chores list, etc.)

Roger:
Add a function to sort bids from least objectionable to most objectionable
  When you're in debt, it will bid on the least objectionable at the  amount required to turn it to second least objectionable.
  Needs some scheduling stuff; maybe 1 day after you go into debt, if you're still in debt, it will force your EV positive?
  Whenever a bid is placed and there are debtors, it should re-evaluate their status and make sure to keep their EV positive.
  Add a system for creating bounties
Automatically remove auto-prefs if their chore closes (or maybe just don't display them?)
SEMI-NECESSARY THINGS
Add form to change repetition frequency of chores (under edit chore)
Make chore details page show repetition frequency
Descriptions of chores
Remove buttons:
  Edit auction expiration date
  Make auction next to each chore (or fix)
  New chore without an auction
  New auction from existing chore
Refactor chore market list into a partial
Add something that cleans out a user's bid preferences
Delete stupid pages (chores list etc.)
Currently the chore assignment algorithm is greedy and occasionally does worse than optimal.
NICE THINGS
Change chore scheduler to update run time when chore is modified (e.g. due date) (?) (might not be necessary)
Remove 'new chore' button from My Chores
Set up helper script to run app and DelayedJob worker with one command
Fix all the gross Back buttons
Write validator for auctions to make sure there is an expiration job
  Delete related expiration jobs on deletion?
Write validator for delayed jobs to make sure it can do stuff? (idk, maybe when you do Object.delay.function() put that in? not sure how to do this)
Make logout button not a tab
Setup 'delete excess expired chores' functionality
Add validators to everything
Make cancel buttons make a bit more sense (chore deletion)

Feature req: Persisting chore name/description after deletion
  (i.e. "Do you want to use one of these previous chore names?")
  
DONE
Make 'admin access':
  --Create chore auction - DONE
  --Edit chore - DONE
  --Destroy chore auction - DONE
  --Edit auction - DONE
